# abook addressbook file

[format]
program=abook
version=0.6.1


[0]
name=Yanti
email=yanti@dataon.com

[1]
name=Asri Damajanti
email=asri.damajanti@yupindo.com

[2]
name=Chandra
email=chandra.hrd@yupindo.com

[3]
name=Mengsi JP
email=mengsi.jp@yupindo.com

[4]
name=Muadz
email=mohamad.muadz@dataon.com

[5]
name=Winarti, Santika Christina (Ade)
email=christina.santika.cs@hitachi-kenki.com

[6]
name=Fauzan Lukman
email=fauzan.lukman@yupindo.com

[7]
name=Herawati Tarigan
email=herawati.tarigan@yupindo.com

[8]
name=Sugito
email=sugito.mulyono@yupindo.com

[9]
name=viector.it
email=viector.it@yupindo.com

[10]
name=Mulyati
email=mulyati.hrd@yupindo.com

[11]
name=Hari Kristiono
email=hari.kristiono@yupindo.com

[12]
name=Nugroho Harjono
email=nugroho.harjono@yupindo.com

[13]
name=Guntur Subagio
email=guntur.subagio@yupindo.com

[14]
name=Muhammad Fakhran
email=muhammad.fakhran@yupindo.com

[15]
name=purchasing spare part yupi
email=purchasing.sp@yupindo.com

[16]
name=Arimbo Budiarso
email=arimbo.budiarso@yupindo.com

[17]
name=saptomo.yuni@mt-pharma-id.com
email=saptomo.yuni@mt-pharma-id.com

[18]
name=yuliana.triningsih@mt-pharma-id.com
email=yuliana.triningsih@mt-pharma-id.com

[19]
name=ratuwata.alistiqomah@mt-pharma-id.com
email=ratuwata.alistiqomah@mt-pharma-id.com

[20]
name=suprianto@mt-pharma-id.com
email=suprianto@mt-pharma-id.com

[21]
name=iman.firmansyah@mt-pharma-id.com
email=iman.firmansyah@mt-pharma-id.com

[22]
name=ahmad@mt-pharma-id.com
email=ahmad@mt-pharma-id.com

[23]
name=dini.widia@mt-pharma-id.com
email=dini.widia@mt-pharma-id.com

[24]
name=menik.anindiati@mt-pharma-id.com
email=menik.anindiati@mt-pharma-id.com

[25]
name=Eza (HCMI)
email=s.aef.ez@hitachi-kenki.com

[26]
name=May (HCMI)
email=h.may.ps@hitachi-kenki.com

[27]
name=Rizka (HCMI)
email=f.rizka.oh@hitachi-kenki.com

[28]
name=Andini Tri (HCMI)
email=tri.andini.ta@hitachi-kenki.com

[29]
name=Sjahrul (HCMI)
email=sjahrul.haitami.gd@hitachi-kenki.com

[30]
name=Yuliana
email=yulia.yl@hitachi-kenki.com

[31]
name=DELIMA SIAGIAN
email=delima@id.evergreen-logistics.com

[32]
name=MARYANI SURYA
email=maryani@id.evergreen-logistics.com

[33]
name=MELFI SITOMPUL
email=melfi@id.evergreen-logistics.com

[34]
name=Sajili Hasan (HCMI)
email=hasan.sajili.ks@hitachi-kenki.com

[35]
name=Kustianto Bayu (HCMI)
email=bayu.kustianto.nn@hitachi-kenki.com

[36]
name=Wahyudin Wahid (HCMI)
email=wahid.wahyudin.wh@hitachi-kenki.com

[37]
name=Andrey Tjahjana
email=andrey@dataon.com

[38]
name=Gordon James Enns DataOn
email=genns@dataon.com

[39]
name=Adi Candra
email=candra.adi@gmail.com

[40]
name=Ida Yuliati
email=ida.yuliati@dataon.com

[41]
name=Albertus Radityo Hadi
email=albertus@dataon.com

[42]
name=Abdi Wirawan
email=abdi@dataon.com

[43]
name=Alfin Widantoro
email=alfin.widantoro@dataon.com

[44]
name=Asrie Pratiwi
email=asrie.pratiwi@dataon.com

[45]
name=Frenky Pranata
email=pranata@dataon.com

[46]
name=Hendra
email=hendra.praja@dataon.com

[47]
name=Iman Himawan Afianto
email=iman.afianto@dataon.com

[48]
name=Marci DataOn
email=marci@dataon.com

[49]
name=Marctinius
email=marctinius@dataon.com

[50]
name=Saut M. Napitupulu
email=saut.napitupulu@dataon.com

[51]
name=Windy
email=windy@dataon.com

[52]
name=Gordon Enns
email=genns@dataon.com

[53]
name=Mona
email=mona@dataon.com

[54]
name=Yus Wadi
email=yuswadi@dataon.com

[55]
name=Yanti
email=yanti@dataon.com

[56]
name=Michael Andinata
email=michael.andinata@dataon.com

[57]
name=Poppy T. Sitanggang
email=poppy.sitanggang@dataon.com

[58]
name=Jajuli
email=jajuli@dataon.com

[59]
name=Handiyanto
email=handiyanto@dataon.com

[60]
name=Teguh Widodo
email=teguh@dataon.com

[61]
name=Lusiana
email=lusiana@dataon.com

[62]
name=Julian GM Alimin
email=alimin@dataon.com

[63]
name=Seruni
email=seruni@dataon.com

[64]
name=Rika Retno Wulandari
email=rika.retno@dataon.com

[65]
name=Clarinta
email=clarinta.fitricia@dataon.com

[66]
name=Wahyu Setiawan
email=wahyu.setiawan@dataon.com

[67]
name=Angelina
email=angelina@dataon.com

[68]
name=Dini
email=dini.imawati@dataon.com

[69]
name=Chairunnisa
email=chairunnisa@dataon.com

[70]
name=Achmad Najib
email=achmad.najib@dataon.com

[71]
name=Juanda
email=juanda@dataon.com

[72]
name=Ruth Ayuningtyas
email=ruth.ayuningtyas@dataon.com

[73]
name=Yuwita Hermin
email=yuwita@dataon.com

[74]
name=Irsyara Tahiira Zam Zam
email=irsyara@dataon.com

[75]
name=Marrio
email=marrio@dataon.com

[76]
name=Diana
email=diana@dataon.com

[77]
name=Cahyo Nugroho
email=cahyo@dataon.com

[78]
name=Ruth Anggreany
email=ruth.anggreany@dataon.com

[79]
name=Eva Valentina
email=eva@dataon.com

[80]
name=Maghdalena Septhy Prihatiningsih
email=maghdalena@dataon.com

[81]
name=Ronald Mustika Putra
email=ronald.mustika@dataon.com

[82]
name=Muhammad Ikhsan
email=m.ikhsan@dataon.com

[83]
name=Azis Fadilah
email=azis.fadilah@dataon.com

[84]
name=dba@dataon.com
email=dba@dataon.com

[85]
name=Enrico
email=enrico@dataon.com

[86]
name=Bambang
email=bambang.parikenan@dataon.com

[87]
name=Linda
email=linda.setia@dataon.com

[88]
name=Ignatius Elvri
email=ignatius@dataon.com

[89]
name=Dwi Afrillia
email=dwi@dataon.com

[90]
name=Muhammad Zakky Oswaldi
email=zakky@dataon.com

[91]
name=Andhina Wisnu Patriana
email=andhina@dataon.com

[92]
name=Tiono
email=tiono@dataon.com

[93]
name=Anastasya Carlita
email=anastasya@dataon.com

[94]
name=Andry
email=andry@dataon.com

[95]
name=Oetomo
email=mahyuddin.oetomo@dataon.com

[96]
name=Febriyant Abidin
email=febriyant.abidin@dataon.com

[97]
name=Novita
email=novita@dataon.com

[98]
name=M. Dani Gandadi
email=mdani.gandadi@dataon.com

[99]
name=Albert Kasim
email=albertk@dataon.com

[100]
name=Regizla Ornella Huwae
email=regizla@dataon.com

[101]
name=Rafi Riadhi
email=rafi.riadhi@dataon.com

[102]
name=Dega Utama
email=dega.utama@dataon.com

[103]
name=Ridwan Satriya
email=ridwan.satriya@dataon.com

[104]
name=Arief Satria
email=arief.satria@dataon.com

[105]
name=itsupport
email=itsupport@dataon.com

[106]
name=Siti Sarah Balgis
email=siti.balgis@dataon.com

[107]
name=Karina Indrawati
email=karina.indrawati@dataon.com

[108]
name=Ferdian Rizki
email=ferdian.rizki@dataon.com

[109]
name=Jimmy Halim
email=jimmy.halim@dataon.com

[110]
name=Mairizal Mulyadi. Muzir
email=mairizal@dataon.com

[111]
name=Awalludin
email=awalludin@dataon.com

[112]
name=Akmal Redha
email=akmal.redha@dataon.com

[113]
name=Yusup Freddi
email=yusup.freddi@dataon.com

[114]
name=Ranny Dwi Handayani
email=ranny.handayani@dataon.com

[115]
name=Dhanu
email=tri.ramadhanu@dataon.com

[116]
name=Adhitya Pratama
email=adhitya.pratama@dataon.com

[117]
name=Adi Ariyanto Sani
email=adi.ariyanto@dataon.com

[118]
name=dede
email=dede@dataon.com

[119]
name=Cipta
email=cipta.riswana@dataon.com

